Thank you, our next steps will be to understand the CEO's vision by Jasmine. before proceeding, let's make sure we already mapped the documents into Confluence with names like this:

1. Confluence: Rewards+and+data+share+overview
2. Confluence: Rejuve+app+rewards+draft
3. Confluence: Token+Rewards

After finding the documents, let's analyze Jasmine's messages into Slack channel, she is the CEO and explained what she thinks about the project, I will post the Slack messages and the content. To complete the context: Rajib is the UI/UX designer, Yonathan is the front-end developer, Yared a front and backend developer and also understands blockchain implementation and Persival (if mentioned) is the products and project's manager, here follows the whole chat into the channel:

**wallet-and-nft-integration** @Jasmine Smith created this channel on March 17th. This is the very beginning of the **wallet-and-nft-integration** channel. **Add Description** Add People to Channel Send Emails to Channel **Monday, March 17th** **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  5:33 AM joined #wallet-and-nft-integration. Also, Yonatan Cherkos and 2 others joined. Pinned by **Jasmine Smith** **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  5:52 AM Hey So as we know, we are proceeding to go live with the App despite not actually having all the functionality available for users to actually claim tokens.Therefore we want to make this a top priority after launch.The flow is: 1. User earns tokens in the App via data provision (Done) 2. User registers for a DataNFT (This confirms that they are a regitered data contributor, meaning they are agreeing to be part of the official research database, have their data used in AI model training, and earn rewards) 1. We have decided to go with Civic "Proof of Human" protocol rather than a traditional KYC, since we don't need any personal details about the person's identity, only that they are a unique individual with no duplicates. 2. The DataNFT itself needs to be minted on some sidechain (Ex. polygon). Once a user "signs in" with this token, we know it's them and can initiate transactions (ability to commit data and claim RJV) 3. If a user wishes to claim RJV on Cardano, they would need to link their EVM wallet to a Cardano wallet (SingularityNET has a tool for this, but this would be an additional element to synchronize) 3. User claims RJV 1. Making sure DataNFT holding wallet is the one connected 2. Probably wise to have some kind of confirmation in case a user's phone was stolen 3. Note that if there are some offers in the App that require some RJV spend, the default would be first to subtract from their balance, then if its not enough they can use wallet 4. Adding **Claim-to-Stake would be highly desireable** to the users, but needs investigation 5. Phase II of the AGIX holder's airdrop will take place in the App, we don't necessarily need to start this now, but should be in queue. 6. **What to do about users who don't have a mobile wallet?** (ex. Me, I only do crypto transactions on PC) 4. Deploy timers on surveys to give new rewards 1. It is actually part of the original plan to have users update their profiles every so often to get new rewards. Ex. Filling out Health Surveys every 3-4 months to keep them up to date. # Then she refers to the documents in Confluence 1. Confluence: Rewards+and+data+share+overview 2. Confluence: Rejuve+app+rewards+draft 3. Confluence: Token+Rewards (these/this design may need updating but putting here for context, the overall idea is that we want them to keep the database up to date with their current status + set up the way to do tracking of specific interventions like measuring a baseline, trying out a new health plan, then measuring again after some amount of time)

**Persival BallestéPersival Ballesté**  5:53 AM was added to #wallet-and-nft-integration by Jasmine Smith. **Yared SolomonYared Solomon**  5:56 AM Thanks @Jasmine Smith we will be writing a documentation for the complete integration process once we resolve the data NFT experiment and since it is the first step for claiming a token, and then we will proceed with the integration process, I can tell that for the above requirement more than 80% of the experiment is already done in the past, so once we have the integration plan, things can move smoothly (edited)  21 **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  5:59 AM @Rajib we can begin discussing these screens/flow in the near future **Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  7:12 AM Thanks a lot @Jasmine Smith for these information you have shared here and for those breakdowns too.. Yeah we can explore them and i can make some wireframes/userflow so that we can discuss on them.. will try to find out which one is feasible or not 1 7:13 Rajib Talukder Razu As i have already a ticket on Jira on Wallet as you make the priority as “High” I will start working on them **Thursday, May 22nd** **Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  5:51 AM Hey guys, here is a just wireframe idea’s of how we can go with **Wallet.** I mentioned few things we need to see if we can include in our wallet will be good for us. Also I’m sharing figma link so that you guys can explore and share your thoughts too.

**Transcript (auto-generated)** Rajib Talukder Razu at 5:48 AM 0:01Hey guys, you all are doing good. 0:05It's been a long time. 0:06I didn't give any updates. 0:08sorry about it. 0:09But we need to move forward as our app is already in market. 0:15So we need to figure out how we can improve our ideas and everything. 0:22So as I mentioned before, right now our viewer is still looking at this. 0:29But what if like our wallet is there? 0:33Wallet feature. 0:34So here is the idea about it, like whether we can go with this kind of tab view. 0:40If you want, I can add an icon with them. 0:44And if you guys don't want to do like tab view as we have lots of tabs in our app, we can simply go like this way, like as a wallet kind of icon or like button. 0:55So whenever we will place, they will be go to like this page. 1:01it's not designed yet, but for the first time user, it will be like this, like, welcome to, our wallet and this kind of thing, then there will be 40 steps to show them like how the process will be to verify them. 1:16, like a wallet ha. 1:20IFT this kind of thing, and then the verification term. 1:24Here we might need to Make sure like how we can do that like select ID type, the residency showing like this kind. 1:34I know it will be depends on the API. 1:38Then some Showing some tips to them like how the ID should be and there should be some selfie kind of thing I need to see here. 1:51, and after that there will be some message like, OK, you're I didn'ttegrated time and yeah. 2:01We should have something in some future, like they can create new wallet or like they can import that existing wallet. 2:11And also for the security team, we might need to have some pass keys or this kind of feature like secure your wallet with some question and answer, this kind of thing. 2:22Also enable the fingerprint. 2:26Or like touch ID. 2:28I think, yeah. 2:30Fingers kind of for the Android and face I for the this kind of thing we need to. 2:35Make sure like we have those features on them. 2:39Then the wallet. 2:40This is all like wireframe. 2:42We can change it or anything like it. 2:46I will share the my in Mexico. 2:48, like learn FAQ about our GBsining, the listing of. 2:55If the wallet address there, everything as you can see here. 3:02So this is just a regular team and blah blah blah, how they can there will be justfe and other staffs and if we can integrate the ads so that user can see the ads and reduce the gas fee, I think it will be better for us. 3:21So let me know guys, what you guys think about it and we can go forward and Make them more improvement on this, in this tone. 3:32Anyways.

**Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  5:51 AM Hey guys, here is a just wireframe idea’s of how we can go with **Wallet.** I mentioned few things we need to see if we can include in our wallet will be good for us. Also I’m sharing figma link so that you guys can explore and share your thoughts too. Video  **3:33** **1x** Hey guys, you all are doing good. It's been a long time. I didn't give any updates. sorry about it. But we need to move forward as our app is already… View transcript 1 **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  2:00 PM Thanks @Rajib! * -agree with button off to the side rather than more tabs * -sync with @Yonatan Cherkos about API/3rd party provider we will use for verification (we had selected Civic Uniqueness pass which allows "proof of human" or just verifying with selfie that the person is real and never registered before) * Creating a wallet is a separate piece of software we don't have quite worked out * We also need a flow that has to do with connecting a wallet that they already have (this would be the more common scenario for our long-time followers/token holders) 11

**Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  May 22nd at 3:19 PM My pleasure @Jasmine Smith 1. Yeah we already have lots of tab view options in the whole app.. i will change the style of it to make it look more interesting 2. Okay sure i will create a call with Yonatan to discuss this 3. then for now should we just show the button “Import Existing Wallet”..? I think having that too can create good impression to users as it will be a new feature 2 replies **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  May 22nd at 8:24 PM Yeah it wouldn't really be "import" just "connect" 1 **Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  May 23rd at 3:08 AM Okay That’s perfect

**Yonatan CherkosYonatan Cherkos**  May 26th at 1:22 AM @Rajib The overall looks good. I think we can proceed with this. Regarding the thirdparty provider UI integration, we did made a research in the past but still we need to make additional experiment how the integration with our app is going to be and decide to go with one of the service and proceed accordingly. I will start doing additional experiment and looking for a new service provider laters this week. Technically, from design perspective we don't necessary need to have a design for the flow which is going to be handle by the third party. 1 6 replies **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  May 26th at 1:35 AM I didn't see any problems with Civic, but always good to have a fresh look at what's happening since the web3 space is continously growing/evolving.What we are looking for is a "proof of human" protocol, that is being able to confirm that each user only has one verified instance of themselves in our database, while avoiding need to collect sensitive info like passports and IDs. 1 **Yonatan CherkosYonatan Cherkos**  May 26th at 1:42 AM Note that, one limitation with Civic, it is a web based tool. It doesn't have a dedicated API for a mobile app. Ofcourse, there is a work around where we can use in appbrowser or webview, but it will not be as smooth as a mobile based one. So that is why we need to investigate into other mobile based user identification tools. **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  May 26th at 1:57 AM Ok, I think though even if this is needed it should not in theory be a big pain point for us--if an integration is extraordinarily complicated it suggests something is wrong on our side vs theirs...Web views are not super terrible, not the best but not a big deal either ;D **Yonatan CherkosYonatan Cherkos**  May 26th at 2:01 AM Yeah, make sense. We will further investigate into civic and check the web based integration and only explore other alternative if this is unnecessary complicated or not smooth. **Rajib Talukder RazuRajib Talukder Razu**  May 26th at 6:09 AM Thanks @Yonatan Cherkos for your insights here.. but can you please describe which part of the flow i’ve shown in the wireframe will handle by the third party API then i will adjust it regarding your response **Jasmine SmithJasmine Smith**  May 26th at 6:37 PM @Rajib we are discussing the KYC check. If this solution/or similar one works it means that they will only need to do a selfie scan, no ID uploads. 11

--- Please provide your understanding, what is already covered into the previous assessed Jira and Confluence assets and please tell me what is still missing to be covered ---

Edit

I'll first locate the specific Confluence documents Jasmine referenced, then analyze her Slack messages against our existing Jira and Confluence mapping.